I'm in Newport shores looking at a house
it's for rent right now we're going to
do a walkthrough video right now right
here's the door to the garage on the
outside which is nice we're coming up to
the front door here's the entryway so
you go in the entryway you walk right
into the dining room here is the door to
the kitchen show more of that great
great floors here have a nice fireplace
stairs upstairs and then lots of storage
under the stairs and then we will go
over to the there's a breakfast nook
here
we'll get another view of the kitchen
there's the kitchen and breakfast nut
there's a dishwasher granite countertops
garbage disposal you'll need to bring a
fridge and here is the downstairs
bathroom let's go to shower and over
here's the inside laundry which is nice
you don't have to go the garage but
let's go in the garage the garage is
awesome it's really big you put SUV in
here there's the door there's a view of
the alley it's nice very nice lots of
room for bicycles because the washer and
dryers inside so you can store a lot of
stuff and you can just scoot right out
that way if you need to I'm going to
shut the garage
and let's just continue upstairs another
shot of the fireplace in the living room
and we come up to the landing those are
the doors to the master there's the
second bedroom let's look at the
bathroom here I shower in two sinks and
then let's go out to the deck deck is
really nice
here's a view of the deck right here's
to another bedroom these two doors here
and then of course here you have the
ocean view I don't know if you can see
it there's a lifeguard tower so the
beach is right there let's go back
inside we're going to go through we'll
go to the left here to the whole call
the third bedroom doors out to the deck
and then there's a closet right here and
let's go to the other bedroom lots of
closet space mirrored doors very clean
place okay now check out the master the
master is very large with a patio and it
has a fireplace it's very big vaulted
ceilings there's the fireplace show you
the vaulted ceilings
will step out on the patio here
okay let's go back here's the walk-in
closet it's very big very big very big
very nice and here's the skeptic dual
sinks here the bathroom and then have a
very nice shower and tub which is nice
okay I think that completes our tour you
want to see it just click on my website
wwn tools in be calm thank you bye-bye